Update configuration-providers.md (#28465)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/extensions/configuration-providers.md

  - `reloadOnChange: true`: The file is reloaded when changes are saved.

> [!IMPORTANT]

> > When [adding configuration providers](https://github.com/aspnet/Configuration/blob/master/src/Config/ConfigurationBuilder.cs#L30-L39) with <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.IConfigurationBuilder.Add%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType>, the added configuration provider is added to the end of the end of the `IConfigurationSource` list.

Author: ```suggestion
> When [adding configuration providers](https://github.com/aspnet/Configuration/blob/master/src/Config/ConfigurationBuilder.cs#L30-L39) with <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.IConfigurationBuilder.Add%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType>, the added configuration provider is added to the end of the end of the `IConfigurationSource` list. When keys are found by multiple providers, the last provider to read the key overrides previous providers.
```

> > When [adding configuration providers](https://github.com/aspnet/Configuration/blob/master/src/Config/ConfigurationBuilder.cs#L30-L39) with <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.IConfigurationBuilder.Add%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType>, the added configuration provider is added to the end of the end of the `IConfigurationSource` list. When keys are found by multiple providers, the last provider to read the key overrides previous providers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When [adding configuration providers](https://github.com/dotnet/runtime/blob/main/src%2Flibraries%2FMicrosoft.Extensions.Configuration%2Fsrc%2FConfigurationBuilder.cs#L30-L34) with <xref:Microsoft.Extensions.Configuration.IConfigurationBuilder.Add%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType>, the added configuration provider is added to the end of the end of the `IConfigurationSource` list. When keys are found by multiple providers, the last provider to read the key overrides previous providers.
```
